Updated the Primary Cooling's description (#4904)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/ka'het/ka'het outfits.txt

	"outfit space" -14
	"active cooling" 65
	"cooling energy" 5.9

> 	description "This is the main cooler used by the Ka'het. Although it requires a lot of energy, it is very effective, capable of upholding some Het by itself."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "This is the main cooler used by the Ka'het. Although it is energy intensive, it is very effective; capable of single- handedly cooling some Het ships."
```
Just a thought.

Author: Added, thanks

> 	description "This is the main cooler used by the Ka'het. Although energy intensive, it is very effective, capable of single-handedly cooling some Het by itself."

Reviewer 2: >single-handedly cooling some Het by itself.

It's redundant to say both "single-handedly" and "by itself" -- I would drop the "by itself"

Author: Dropped

> 	description "This is the main cooler used by the Ka'het. Although it is energy intensive, it is very effective; capable of single- handedly cooling some Het ships."

Reviewer 3: 1. "it is" is now used twice in this same sentence
2. changing the comma to a semicolon is incorrect
3. It's "single-handedy" (no space after the dash)

Author: Changed again, how about this? 
"This is the main cooler used by the Ka'het. Although energy intensive, it is very effective, capable of single-handedly cooling some Het by itself."

Reviewer 4: That seems good to me.
